Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S."
Blister: SO BOLT TANNER
TOLD YOU TO COME HERE
AND FIND ME, DID HE?
Yusei: THAT'S RIGHT.
IN THAT CASE,
YOU MUST BE HERE
FOR THE OFFICIAL
BLISTER "HOOK UP."
WHAT'S THE DEAL,
NEED A NEW IDENTITY?
I NEED TO SNEAK INTO
THE SECURITY IMPOUND CENTER
TO GET MY RUNNER BACK.
JUST NEED TO HACK
INTO THE CITY SYSTEM...
BINGO... VAULT 64-B.
NOW TO SNAG
THE PASS CODES
YOU'LL NEED TO GET IN.
I SPY SOMEONE WHO THINKS
THEY GOT AWAY...
BUT NO ONE GETS AWAY FROM ME.
I'LL SHOW YUSEI
AND THAT NO-GOOD GOODWIN.
[THINKING] SO FAR SO GOOD.
NICE...
[TRUDGE LAUGHS]
WHAT ON EARTH
WERE YOU THINKING?
I JUST WANT MY DUEL RUNNER
BACK, TRUDGE, IT IS MINE.
IT'S BACK
TO THE FACILITY!
GET 'EM, BOYS!
SORRY YUSEI, BUT
THAT RUNNER IS OFFLINE.
SO JUST
COME ON OUT QUIETLY.
OFFLINE... PLEASE!
All: WOAH!
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
SURPRISE!
IF YOU WON'T SURRENDER,
I'LL HAVE TO
MAKE YOU SURRENDER...
WITH A DUEL!
[THINKING] I JUST
NEED TO BUY TIME
WHILE I LOAD UP
THE BUILDING SCHEMATICS
TO FIND A WAY OUT.
ALRIGHT, TRUDGE...
BRING IT ON.
EVERY POSSIBLE
ESCAPE ROUTE
HAS BEEN SEALED OFF,
YOU'RE TOTALLY TRAPPED!
YOU'RE HEADED
STRAIGHT FOR A WALL!
Blister: KEEP GOING!
BLISTER?
IS THAT YOU?
Blister: GO...!
NO WAY!
WHAT'S THAT PUNK DOING?
AAAH!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
YOU'LL NEVER MAKE IT
OUT OF HERE, YUSEI!
HEH. UNLESS OF COURSE,
YOU CAN DRIVE
THRU WALLS...
Blister: DUCK!
[GRUNT]
HUH?
UHH.
[LAUGHTER]
YOU CERTAINLY DO KNOW
HOW TO MAKE AN EXIT DON'T YOU?
I JUST HOPE YOUR LIFE POINTS
ARE PACKING A PARACHUTE!
[GRUNT]
BECAUSE WITH 5 SPEED COUNTERS
I CAN NOW PLAY
THE SPEED SPELL:
RAPID SHOTWING!
AND FOR EACH
SPEED COUNTER I HAVE,
MY STRIKER GETS
100 ATTACK POINTS.
HERE GOES.
AND THAT MEANS THAT WITH
MY MONSTER ALL AMPED UP,
I CAN FINALLY
GET A LITTLE PAYBACK
FOR WHEN YOU DITCHED ME
IN THAT TRASH TUBE
BACK IN THE SATELLITE!
THAT'S RIGHT YUSEI.
YOU MAY HAVE ESCAPED
FROM ME IN OUR LAST DUEL,
BUT THE POWER OF MY BEASTS
ARE GONNA HAVE YOU
BACK IN THE FACILITY
BEFORE YOU CAN MAKE IT
TO THE BOTTOM FLOOR.
SEARCH STRIKER TAKE OUT
HIS LIFE POINTS!
UHH! AAH!
[TRUDGE LAUGHS]
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE
JUST HANGING ON!
NOW PURSUIT CHASER,
END THIS!
[GASP]
[GRUNT]
I...PLAY MY FACEDOWN!
CONFUSION CHAFF!
COME BACK!
OH, HE WILL!
SEE MY TRAP CANCELLED HIS
ATTACK, BUT GUESS WHAT?
HE GETS TO FIGHT AGAIN,
ONLY THIS TIME IT'S
AGAINST YOUR OWN MONSTER:
SEARCH STRIKER!
JUST WATCH!
STRIKER!
I'M GONNA GET YOU
FOR THAT YUSEI.
JUST YOU WAIT...
Blister: YUSEI!
BRACE YOURSELF!
UHH!
NEXT STOP:
GROUND FLOOR!
OHH! UHH. UHH.
HEY...
SEE YA TRUDGE!
ALRIGHT, NOW TO GET
OUT OF HERE...
Trudge: WE'RE NOT
DONE YET!
[GRUNTING]
HEY! YUSEI.
I HOPE YOU LIKED
THE FACILITY... UGH!
[GRUNTING]
BLISTER?!
WOW! THANKS MAN!
FORGET THE THANK YOUS.
I'M ONLY HERE TO CHECK OUT
MY HANDY WORK
AND SEE YOU DON'T
GET CAUGHT!
'CAUSE IF WORD GOT OUT
THAT I SLIPPED UP SOMEHOW
MY REPUTATION MIGHT NOT
EVER BE ABLE TO RECOVER.
AND DON'T GO THINKING
THIS MAKES US FRIENDS
OR ANYTHING GOT THAT?
I ALREADY RUINED
ONE FRIENDSHIP...
TELL ME ABOUT AERO...
[GROAN]
FINE... IT'S LIKE
I TOLD YOU BEFORE,
WE WERE TAG TEAM DUELISTS
IN THE SEMI-PRO LEAGUE...
[GRUNT]
WE PLAY MACHINER'S SNIPER!
NOW END THIS!
[BOTH CHEER]
[CROWD CHEERING]
Blister: WE WERE
AT THE TOP OF OUR GAME
AND IT WAS ALL BECAUSE
AERO WAS A GREAT COMPETITOR
AND AN EVEN
GREATER FRIEND...
HE THOUGHT WE'D
BE CHAMPS FOREVER,
BUT AERO COULDN'T
SEE THE BIG PICTURE.
WE WERE NEVER GOING TO
MAKE THE BIG MONEY
STUCK DOING TAG DUELS.
I HAD TO GO SOLO.
AND SO, WHEN A REP
FROM KAIBA CORP.
SHOWED UP ONE DAY WITH
A CASE FULL OF MONEY,
HOW COULD I SAY NO?
I HAD A NEW SPONSOR,
A NEW GIG,
AND AN OPEN ROAD
RIGHT TO THE BIG LEAGUES.
I'M TALKIN' ABOUT
DUELERS LIKE ATLAS,
PHOENIX, TRUESDALE...
THE LEGENDS.
BUT WAS AERO HAPPY?
[SCOFFS]
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
BLISTER!
I'M SUMMONING OUT
MACHINER'S SNIPER
IN ATTACK MODE!
WHAT?! NOT HIM AGAIN?!
WHAT DO YA WANT US
TO LOSE THIS DUEL?!
WHY DO YOU CARE
ABOUT THIS ANYWAY?
I HEARD ABOUT THE DEAL
YOU MADE TO GO PRO!
I THOUGHT
WE WERE FRIENDS!
FRIENDSHIP DOESN'T
PAY THE RENT!
YOU THINK I WANT
TO SPEND MY LIFE
IN THE TAG DUEL
BUSH LEAGUES?!
COME ON!
YOU DON'T GET IT!
SORRY...
UHH. LOOK AT WHAT
YOU JUST DID AERO!
I MIGHT AS WELL
KISS MY CONTRACT GOOD-BYE!
IT'S JUST... OUR
FRIENDSHIPS ALL I GOT!
WELL GUESS WHAT?!
RIGHT NOW YOU'VE GOT
NOTHING THEN... HUH?!
UHH!
AAH!
UHH.
UHH. BLISTER!
GRAB MY HAND!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
ALMOST THERE!
UHH!
UHH.
AERO... OH, NO...
AERO... LOOK OUT!
Blister: HE WAS
PRETTY BANGED UP
AND SPENT A FEW MONTHS
IN THE HOSPITAL.
HE NEVER LET ME
SAY SORRY.
IN FACT HE ONLY SENT ME
THAT CARD YOU SAW
TO REMIND OF WHAT
A BAD FRIEND I WAS.
SO THE NEXT TIME SOMEONE TELLS
YOU ABOUT... "FRIENDSHIP..."
WELL YOU JUST
REMEMBER WHAT I DID
TO MY BEST FRIEND.
[SCOFFS] I HOPE
THESE PALS OF YOURS
ARE WORTH THE RISK.
'CAUSE IF I KNOW
ANYTHING ABOUT FRIENDS,
I BET THAT THEY
HANG OUT WITH YOU,
ONLY BECAUSE THEY WANT
SOMETHING FROM YOU
IN RETURN.
NO THEY'RE
GOOD PEOPLE BLISTER!
[SCOFFS]
NOBODY'S GOOD FOREVER!
SO YOU BETTER JUST
WATCH OUT FOR YOURSELF!
YOU'RE WRONG!
YOU'RE JUST
TOO ANGRY WITH YOURSELF
TO SEE THE TRUTH!
[SIGH] BLISTER,
CAN'T YOU SEE
THAT YOUR FRIEND AERO
NEVER WANTED
TO HURT YOU.
HUH?
SOMETIMES FRIENDS...
DO SOME
STUPID THINGS, HUH?
Trudge: YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN!
THIS DUEL
AIN'T OVER YET, PUNK!
YOUR MOVE!
[CHUCKLES]
BUT... DON'T THINK IT'LL
HELP YOU ESCAPE FROM ME!
[THINKING] I BETTER MAKE A MOVE
SO I DON'T END UP
BACK IN LOCKDOWN!
HERE WE GO!
TIME TO REV IT UP!
I SUMMON: SPEED WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWL AND ROAR]
NOW CHECK THIS OUT, OFFICER:
MY WARRIOR'S ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
HA!
WHAT A WASTE YUSEI!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD:
POWER BIND!
NOW, SPEED WARRIOR
CAN'T ATTACK UNTIL NEXT TURN.
AND UNTIL THEN, HIS ATTACK
POINTS ARE ZERO!
KINDA LIKE YOUR CHANCES OF
GETTING OUTTA THIS DUEL
WITHOUT A ONE-WAY TICKET
BACK TO THE FACILITY!
SORRY, SATELLITE, BUT THAT
RUNNER'S STAYIN' PUT!
[LAUGHS]
BUT ON SECOND THOUGHT,
MAYBE I SHOULD JUST
CRUSH IT INTO A CUBE.
I'LL BE SURE TO
TAKE PICTURES SO YOU CAN
HANG 'EM IN YOUR CELL!
WHOA, HE SURE DOESN'T
LIKE YOU!
IF YOU THINK IT'S
BAD NOW WAIT UNTIL
I PLAY THIS...
REACTOR POD!
A SPEED SPELL!
AND NOT JUST ANY SPEED SPELL:
THIS ONE MAKES YOU TAKE DAMAGE
FOR SPEED WARRIOR'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS!
Blister: WOW, YOU REMIND ME
SO MUCH OF AERO.
YOU'RE NOT AFRAID OF ANYTHING
THAT GUY THROWS YOUR WAY.
WELL I'M SURE
AERO WASN'T SCARED
BECAUSE HE HAD YOU
AS HIS TEAMMATE.
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
HOW I FEEL RIGHT NOW
HAVING YOU
AS MY WINGMAN BLISTER!
[GROWL]
WHAT ELSE YOU GOT?!
OR IS THAT ALL FOR NOW?!
I'M JUST GONNA PLAY
A FACEDOWN TRUDGE.
'BOUT TIME!
NOW I DRAW!
AND DON'T FORGET, PUNK...
SPEED WARRIOR'S GOT
ZERO ATTACK POINTS!
WHICH MEANS HE SHOULD
BE EASY PICKIN'S!
SEARCH STRIKER, ATTACK!
[GRUNT]
Yusei: NOT SO FAST!
I PLAY MY TRAP:
SCRAP-IRON SCARECROW!
SORRY, TRUDGE!
NOT ONLY IS YOUR
ATTACK CANCELLED,
BUT I GET TO PLACE
MY SCARECROW FACEDOWN AGAIN!
YOU'LL HAVE TO TRY
HARDER THAN THAT!
IS THIS WHAT
YOU HAD IN MIND?
I PLAY FINAL COUNTDOWN!
AND THIS CARD'S
ALL ABOUT
GIVING SOMETHING
TO GET SOMETHING.
THE MORE FACEDOWN CARDS
I SEND TO THE GRAVEYARD,
THE MORE LIFE POINTS
YOU LOSE!
500 FOR ONE, 1,500 FOR 3,
AND 3,000 FOR 4!
AND LAST I CHECKED,
YOU HAVE 1,400 LIFE POINTS.
SO BY SENDING
3 FACEDOWNS TO MY GRAVE,
YOU LOSE THE DUEL
AND I WIN!
I GOT ONE FACEDOWN
OUT THERE ALREADY,
AND COME NEXT TURN,
I'M GOING TO THROW DOWN
2 MORE AND MAKE 3!
AND AFTER THAT YUSEI...
IT'S GAME OVER SATELLITE!
YOU GOT ONE TURN LEFT,
MAKE IT COUNT!
I JUST DON'T SEE HOW
YOU CAN WIN THIS DUEL NOW YUSEI.
NO MATTER HOW FAST
YOU TRY AND GO
YOU CAN'T OUTRUN
THAT CARD'S EFFECT.
OH NO?
JUST WATCH!
LISTEN UP SPEED WARRIOR,
IT'S TIME FOR SOME DEFENSE!
AND NEXT I'M SUMMONING OUT
HEALING WAVE GENERATOR,
TO HELP GENERATE
A LITTLE MORE D
FOR MYSELF!
Duel runner computer:
HEALING WAVE GENERATOR
ALLOWS YOU
TO SELECT ONE MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD
AND YOU GAIN LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO THAT MONSTER'S LEVEL
TIMES 100.
Yusei: NOW THANKS TO MY
GENERATOR'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CHOOSE MY
LEVEL 2 SPEED WARRIOR
SO THAT I CAN GIVE
MY LIFE POINTS
A 200-POINT BOOST!
N'WITH THAT BONUS,
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU'LL NEED 4 FACEDOWNS
TO WIN THIS.
AND I DON'T PLAN
ON LETTING THAT HAPPEN!
[GROWL] WE'LL SEE
SATELLITE!
IF YOUR GOAL IS TO MAKE
THAT GUY EVEN ANGRIER,
I'D CALL THAT COMBO
A RESOUNDING SUCCESS!
I JUST HOPE YOU
PULL THIS OFF YUSEI!
Yusei: ME TOO!
I PLAY 2 FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN!
Trudge:
ALRIGHT THEN, MY MOVE!
AND I SUMMON
THE TUNER MONSTER: TORAPART!
AND NOW I TUNE MY TORAPART
AND MY SEARCH STRIKER
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO
SUMMON... GOYO GUARDIAN!
[TRUDGE LAUGHS]
[GRUNTS AND GROWLS]
Trudge: NOW TAKE OUT THAT
HEALING WAVE GENERATOR!
[GRUNT]
DON'T YOU LEARN!
I CAN STILL PLAY
MY SCRAP IRON SCARECROW!
HUH? OH NO YOU CAN'T.
SEE WITH TORAPART
IN MY GRAVEYARD
YOU CAN'T TRIGGER
YOUR TRAP THIS ROUND.
SO IT LOOKS LIKE
SCRAP IRON SCARECROW'S
SCARING NOTHING AWAY...
AND NOW
MY GOYO GUARDIAN'S
TAKING CONTROL OF YOUR
HEALING WAVE GENERATOR!
SO WITH YOUR GENERATOR
ON MY SIDE OF THE FIELD
NOT ONLY CAN I
USE ITS STRENGTH
TO FORTIFY MY DEFENSES
BUT YOUR OWN MONSTER'S
GONNA WIN THIS
FOR ME SATELLITE!
'CAUSE NOW I GET
A POWER SURGE
TO THE TUNE
OF 100 LIFE POINTS
FOR EACH LEVEL
OF MONSTER I PICK.
AND BY CHOOSING
MY GUARDIAN,
I GAIN 600 MORE
LIFE POINTS!
I'M ALMOST
BACK TO FULL POWER!
HA-HA YUSEI!
THERE'S NOTHING
BETTER THAN
OUTSMARTING
A SMART-ALLIC!
[CHUCKLES]
AND DON'T THINK I FORGOT
ABOUT FINAL COUNTDOWN!
SO WITH THIS FACEDOWN
YOU'RE ONE CARD AWAY
FROM LOSIN'!
HEY!
WHAT ARE YOU DOIN'?
IT'S LIKE I SAID
I CAN'T AFFORD
TO HAVE YOU LOSE THIS DUEL
AND END UP
GETTING CAUGHT,
'CAUSE IF YOU GO DOWN,
SO DO I!
SO WHAT ARE YOU PLANNING?
I'M PLANNIN' ON WINNING
THIS DUEL BLISTER,
AND YOUR FRIENDSHIP'S
GONNA MAKE IT
ALL POSSIBLE.
BLISTER, I NEED YOU
TO HELP ME OUT HERE.
LISTEN THE LAST THING
YOU WANT IS ME
AS A FRIEND.
FRIENDS MAY GET YOU THROUGH
YOUR DAY IN THE SATELLITE,
BUT OVER HERE,
THEY JUST GET IN THE WAY.
I KNOW YOU DON'T
BELIEVE THAT.
I SAW
THE CARD BLISTER...
THE ONE THAT AERO
RESCUED FROM YOUR LAST RACE.
REMEMBER?
STOP IT!
HE GAVE ME THAT CARD
TO REMIND ME
THAT I FAILED
OUR FRIENDSHIP!
YOU'RE WRONG.
HUH?
HE GAVE YOU THAT CARD.
AS A SYMBOL
OF YOUR FRIENDSHIP!
AND NO MATTER
WHAT ROADS YOUR 2 LIVES
MIGHT HAVE TAKEN
SINCE THAT DAY...
HE'S STILL YOUR FRIEND.
AERO DOESN'T BLAME YOU
FOR THE ACCIDENT,
HE BLAMES HIMSELF!
HE PROBABLY THOUGHT IF HE ONLY
SUPPORTED YOU A LITTLE MORE,
HE COULD'VE BEEN BY YOUR SIDE
ALL THE WAY TO THE PRO LEAGUE.
IT'S NOT THAT
HE DIDN'T WANT YOU TO GO,
HE DIDN'T WANT YOU TO GO ALONE!
SO HE GAVE YOU
THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERED:
THE CARD THAT FUSED
YOUR FRIENDSHIP.
YOU KNOW WHY?
BECAUSE WITHOUT
HIS BEST FRIEND,
HE DIDN'T CARE
ABOUT DUELING ANYMORE.
BUT IF YOU EVER NEEDED HELP,
YOU KNOW AERO WOULD BE THERE
WITHOUT A SECOND TO WASTE.
WHATEVER YOU THINK,
THERE'S ONE THING IN AERO
THAT HASN'T CHANGED:
HE'S YOUR FRIEND.
I...DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO THINK.
JUST ONE THING: THAT
I'M YOUR FRIEND AS WELL.
[GRUNT]
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND I SUMMON
TURBO SYNCHRON!
[GROWL]
AND THE BONUS OF HAVING
A TUNER MONSTER OUT THERE
IS THAT QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG
COMES BACK FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
I THINK IT'S ABOUT TIME WE TAKE
THIS BATTLE TO THE NEXT LEVEL!
NOW TURBO SYNCHRON!
TAKE OUT HIS
HEALING WAVE GENERATOR!
WHAT?! HE DOESN'T
STAND A CHANCE
AGAINST
THAT MONSTER!
WHAT ARE ALL THOSE
DIESEL FUMES
CHOKING ALL YOUR
BRAIN CELLS?!
YOU'RE GONNA LOSE
THIS ONE SATELLITE!
[GRUNTING, GROWLING]
TOLD YA!
AND NOW YOU'RE DOWN
TO 100 LIFE POINTS!
NICE KNOWIN' YA!
Yusei: WHY? YOU PLANNIN'
ON GOIN' SOMEWHERE?
OR DID YOU FORGET THAT
WHEN TURBO SYNCHRON ATTACKS,
EVEN IF HE LOSES, I CAN
SUMMON ANOTHER MONSTER.
AND I GOT JUST THE ONE IN MIND!
I DIDN'T USE HER IN OUR
LAST MATCH IN THE PIPELINE:
SONIC CHICK, SAY HELLO!
NEXT I PLAY MY TRAP CARD:
URGENT TUNING!
Duel runner computer:
URGENT TUNING IS A TRAP CARD
THAT ALLOWS YOU TO RELEASE
THE REQUIRED MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD
IN ORDER TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
DURING THE BATTLE PHASE.
Yusei: SO NOW BY COMBINING
ALL THE MONSTERS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN USE THEIR BOND
TO BRING ABOUT A BEAST
THAT WILL END THIS DUEL.
I ENJOYED MY TIME
AT THE FACILITY
BUT THIS SYNCHRO SUMMON IS GONNA
MAKE SURE I DON'T GO BACK!
OH MAN AERO PLAYED
A SIMILAR COMBO
IN OUR FIRST TAG TEAM
CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH...
YUSEI, YOU SURE YOU CAN
HANDLE A MOVE LIKE THIS...
DON'T DO IT!
SORRY TRUDGE...
NOW I TUNE MY TURBO SYNCHRON
WITH MY QUILLBOLT HEDGEHOG,
SPEED WARRIOR,
AND SONIC CHICK,
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON
TURBO WARRIOR!
TURBO WARRIOR!!!
LET'S REV IT UP!
[GROWL AND ROAR]
WHAT A MOVE.
NOW TURBO WARRIOR, TAKE OUT
THAT GOYO GUARDIAN!
[CHUCKLES]
STILL CAN'T ADD,
CAN YOU YUSEI?
PERHAPS YOU CAN TAKE REMEDIAL
MATH BACK AT THE FACILITY...
MAYBE THEN YOU'LL LEARN...
WELL, LET ME TEACH YOU
SOMETHING FIRST!
LIKE WHAT
MY WARRIOR CAN DO!
IT CUTS YOUR GUARDIAN'S
ATTACK POINTS RIGHT IN HALF!
SAY GOOD-BYE...
WHAT?!
Blister: YUSEI!
YOU GOT HIM ON THE ROPES!
[ROAR]
[GRUNTING]
BIG DEAL!
EVEN WITH HALF ITS
STRENGTH GONE I CAN
STILL SURVIVE!
BUT NEXT ROUND
YOU'RE OUTTA TIME
'CAUSE I'M ACTIVATING
MY COUNTDOWN'S EFFECT!
Yusei: "NEXT ROUND?"
THERE IS NO
NEXT ROUND TRUDGE!
I PLAY SYNCHRO STRIKE
WHICH GIVES 500 MORE ATTACK
POINTS TO MY TURBO WARRIOR
FOR EVERY MONSTER I USED
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON IT.
NO!
AND IF MY MATH
IS RIGHT
THAT ADDS UP
TO YOUR DEFEAT!
HOW CAN THIS BE?!
WITH THAT KIND OF POWER
I CAN'T STOP THAT WARRIOR
FROM WIPING OUT
ALL OF MY LIFE POINTS!
UHH. I WON'T LET YOU WIN!
Blister: LOOK OUT!
UHH!
I DON'T CARE IF I HAVE
TO CHEAT TO DO IT,
BUT THE ONLY WAY YOU'RE
GETTING OUT OF HERE
IS WITH A SECTOR
SECURITY ESCORT.
NO!
UHH. YOU TOO?
FINE, THERE'S
PLENTY OF ROOM
IN THE FACILITY!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
ATTACK NOW!
I CAN'T...
JUST ATTACK!
ISN'T THIS
WHAT FRIENDS ARE FOR?!
THEY ARE.
[BOTH GRUNTING]
BACK OFF!
MY FRIEND'S GOT
A DUEL TO WIN!
NOW, TURBO WARRIOR,
FINISH THE JOB!
[GROWLS]
[WHIMPER]
[YELLS]
UHH. AHHH!
WHOA!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
BLISTER!
YUSEI!
JUST GET OUTTA HERE!
GO!
[ALL GASP]
[GRUNTS AND SHOUTS]
[GASP]
HUH? WHAT IS IT?
Yusei: UHH!
[SHUDDER]
[GASP]
LUNA? LUNA!
UHH!
Both: [GASP] HUH?
Leo: WHO... WHO IS HE?...